all right maybe Travis wasn't the
problem in this interview it was the Sun
it was the Sun you know there's Sun in
my eyes heat exhaustion right now I'm
getting delirious a bit heat exhaustion
cuz those games were lit on fire on fire
it's the second week of NLCS and I am
unfortunately joined by probably to talk
to him about LCS with coverage presented
by Omni slash probably the team is off
to a rougher start then the finish you
had at the end of spring what's going on
I mean technically we finished Oh three
so this is a positive well I mean like
the split not the playoffs because you
guys like literally everybody was like
they're all MVPs team of the split yeah
because unlike Europe we were in a tight
ship over here and you can't there's a
presence around me yeah it's not just
ignore it it's like it goes the no I
what were we gonna talk about oh yeah
your team is off to a rough start
yes that is accurate Travis your powers
of observation surpass my imagination
why is that are you just phoning it in
or what's happening that's slang for not
doing any work yes yes we're a players
your players look like they're working
hard they had to set up their own like
backdrop for the photo set but I don't
know what you're doing yeah but same as
always you know just talking trash
moving around didn't stuff like that
playing video games I expected you to do
quite favorable in this planet because
you like to do weird crap and this is
like the weird crap meta but why so
what's going on well the problem with my
love for weird crap it like gets
stonewalled by like intelligent veteran
players where they're like why and I'm
like damn it just trust me on this
obnoxious comp but no I mean everyone is
like we want to try but I think the
level of experimentation right now and
North America is really poor like
everyone is trying like for new things
that once in a screw so it's like
you know they're very poor scientists
basically so if we want to do something
like kind of scientist work it's really
hard because like they're probably not
playing properly we're definitely not
playing properly they're trying
something new so it's hard for us to try
new stuff but I do like a lot of this
meta that there's like a little bit more
freedom to do things a little more a
little more freedom okay but you know ya
can't do it we just don't have enough
time to do everything I want to do yeah
you make it sound like there's like wait
like just a ton of experiments running
like NAC experimental region but then on
stage we see none of that like every
other reagent we're just playing more
standard than any other region yeah and
do you not see that why these games are
like super like weird-looking it's cuz
like everyone in scrims is playing stuff
they're not showing on stage yet they're
just like testing and I guess you know
internally they discuss like oh that
game was full stuff and they don't play
it on stage but I do know a lot of the
practice right now is going into like
scientist picks and no one's really
pulled out much I mean we saw like
dilution from today but yeah I want to
see more interesting stuff what do you
want to see man like all the stuff
that's happening in scrims well I mean
okay it's not terrible but like I've
mentioned before everyone is doing like
first time and like three roles at the
same time as opposed to like let's just
try like our ad carry playing a bruiser
and everyone else is the same that
sounds so fun we should just broadcast
the scrims and not broadcast the LCS
games I mean I think week one had a bit
more taste of how screams we're going
because everyone is like first week like
just throw stuff on the wall but now
it's week two and everyone's like let's
just play some scaling stuff like let's
not die early game and stuff like that
but so are we gonna see the stuff that's
happening in scrims eventually I mean
maybe if people have enough confidence
in it yeah but I think maybe we'll see
some it depends on how fast they patch
though cuz I heard they're patching the
gold funneling which i think is a
terrible way to play the game it's
really like not fun
I think everyone everything else is
gonna be like continually expanded on
something like yeah right now like
everyone's playing like
when I first came out and then they went
to mages and then they're back to ad
carry's ik no hopefully we'll keep
moving
I think it'll keep moving though where's
nature is he here today no do you
remember Jerry had the start of the
split he told me like it's our luck the
Houston no oh you didn't see those
corners but he said he was gonna make it
to LCS like every weekend he wasn't
gonna miss a game nice save now that
you're asking me I don't remember I
don't clearly remember the day yes
that's my answer
so he might be here okay so he doesn't
never miss games never never misses I
just worried that I just worried that
fortnight is taking him away now
we're both taking kind of a I mean I
haven't played fortnight and weeks and
weeks because of this terrible league
meta that's happening so you don't like
the meta no it's fine that's fine
isn't this the minute that you should
like I need to I need to say something
really polarizing about the meta so then
you can tag it as a headline even
there's a really smart father interview
that's what I heard
I've been reading reddit learning how to
trick people so yeah that's it the meta
is if you're losing in this meta then
you're just a bad team tagline boom
right there but you've been losing yeah
cool we're a bad team I'm fine as long
as it's a tagline good one you gonna
make it good yeah
all right cool edit around it it's like
that but what we're talking about the
meta I said you were talking about how
you don't like the meta it's not too bad
but I don't like is the way people are
practicing there cuz yeah like I
mentioned I'm fine with trying new
things but when I see like I know the
entire team is playing like a first time
scrim champion yeah then I know the
scrim is gonna be really garbage so I
wish like the testing was more proper
because I think those yeah yeah I would
say like this I don't like the execution
of it the way they laid it out were like
three weeks in a row
and no one knows what the hell is going
on with like from scuttle crab changes
to like mid changes to ad carry changes
it's like it was too much for like a
month straight we're like no one knows
what's going on and then like oh yeah at
the end of those
you play on this patch they have a week
on so I didn't like the execution of it
do you think that or but are you happy
with the kind of crazy versatility where
we can see who needs make an experiment
they can feel free to like drop
different champions of different places
yeah I think it's a lot more open I
think before you'd look at a champion
like aatrox and be like what does it do
later it's bad but now you're like cool
we can play weird stuff so I like it a
lot that it's a lot less strict in terms
of like where champions go and what
champions are good because before it's
like mid lane you had that veo e wave
clear you had to do this like support
how to do this now it's kind of a little
bit more free you can like put that
elsewhere what did you do during the
break during the break did you
personally huh
personally you're gonna get to know me
that's like this yes it's a nice dress
by the way I've been waiting for you to
tag me in on this interview for like
five minutes and now I have to go inside
what did you want to do so you're two
years into stardew valley I know right
because we're just we're just a really
good interview pair Travis it's just
awkward what do you want to talk about
dude start to value started it let's
let's end it on that alright let's go
okay so you're in year two what's what's
a season season I'm in spring of your
two right now and I have a level 1 house
still and I have no girlfriend
so mimicking real life is nice except
this time you don't have like a house
full of five boys that you have to
Corral but okay oh there's a cat yeah
and it's the randomly generated name is
thick tar is really close to something
offensive such as it what could it have
possibly resembled its infancy
all right maybe Travis wasn't the
problem in this interview it was the Sun
it was the Sun you know there's Sun in
my eyes heat exhaustion right now I'm
getting delirious a bit heat exhaustion
cuz those games were lit em on fire on
fire
I'm gonna I'm gonna rap stuff up here
cuz I got to go look at the Team Liquid
TSM game but who do you think's going to
take that I'm gonna put my money on TSM
I think it feels a little sad from
yesterday
so maybe the sadness will bring them
down and TSM can win deal I thought
they'd lost yesterday
no I interviewed although oh they won
who lost yesterday that was sad
TSM vs. clutch oh okay TSM will lose
today they're sad got it nailed it
alright just going predictions off of
emotions I think that's pretty good
Travis how do you wrap up these
interviews nowadays alright that's the
end of the interview this is prolly dude
doing the dance out and and and you fade
fade fade I knew I could never escape
this I freaking landed my dream job at
riot interviewing pros and stuff and I
still have to do outros for Travis I
just can't get out of it literally you
can't see it but on my back there's like
a contract that was carved into me like
full-on freakin FM a reason and I was
burned into her but you get the idea so
I think Sami slash for this subscribe